These are the presentations for the ClickHouse Spring Meetup in Manhattan

https://www.meetup.com/clickhouse-new-york-user-group/events/292517734/

**Details**
It's spring, and it's time to meet again in the city!

Join us for an evening of content, conversation, and food/drinks.
We will hold the event in Soho, and the agenda is shaping up quickly!

**Agenda:**
5:30 - Doors Open [Beverages, Food & Conversation]
6:00 - Meetup Kickoff
6:15 - Building a domain specific query language on top of Clickhouse - Oden Technologies, a manufacturing analytics startup, has been building a domain specific query language called OQL on top of Clickhouse. In this talk, we'll explore the justification for why a DSL makes sense, and details about how we implemented a transpiler from our query language to Clickhouse SQL. - Russ Frank, Sr Tech Lead Manager at Oden Technologies
7:00 - A Galaxy of Information - How ClickHouse uses, well, ClickHouse to understand the data generated by users, systems, etc in ClickHouse Cloud. A story of drinking your own champagne. - Zach Naimon, Sr. Product Manager at ClickHouse
7:30 - Our Journey to ClickHouse Cloud from Redshift
- Brooke McKim Cofounder & CTO, Vantage
8:00 - ClickHouse Update - An overview of the most important things that have released, and are coming soon, in ClickHouse and ClickHouse Cloud - Tanya Bragin, VP, Product at ClickHouse
8:20-9:00 Discussion and Food

Any questions, or interested in speaking at this or a future meetup?
Please contact Tyler Hannan: tyler@clickhouse.com

